Asteroids Game
Description: Creating a game similar to Asteroids (https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Asteroids_(video_game)) using either the <canvas> or <svg> control.
In cases where standard rules differ from the requirements below, the version specified in the requirements must be implemented.
1 point - Asteroid implementation (represented as circles): each asteroid will have an associated randomly generated value in the range 1-4, 
indicating the number of rockets required to destroy it. 
The required number of rockets will be permanently displayed within the drawing used for the asteroid. 
The color and size of the asteroid will change based on this number. 
Asteroids will move along linear trajectories at a randomly determined speed.
1 point - Spaceship implementation drawn as a triangle; the ship can be controlled using the following keyboard commands: 
arrows (move ship up / down / left / right at a constant speed), 
z - rotate left, 
c - rotate right, 
x - launch rocket in the direction the ship is facing; 
the ship can move in all four directions regardless of its current orientation.
1 point - Rocket implementation: the rocket will be represented during its movement from the spaceship to the asteroid. 
Collision detection with the asteroid will be ensured, and the number of rockets required to destroy it will be modified. 
A maximum of 3 rockets launched simultaneously is allowed.
0.5 points - Collision between asteroids: the collision between two asteroids will determine a modification of their trajectories.
1 point - Collision between the spaceship and asteroids: it will reduce the number of "lives" and restart the game until the number of lives becomes 0.
1 point - Lives regeneration: upon destroying each asteroid, the player will earn a certain number of points. 
Upon reaching a predefined number of points, the number of "lives" will be updated.
1 point - Touchscreen game control possibility.
1 point - Storing the top 5 obtained scores and player names using the Web Storage API (or a similar API).